{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8240\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 1 - 3 - 5\
\
1. To do research you need a range of specific skills, only with experience can you gain these skills.\
\
2. Part of Learning to be a computer  scientist is to recognize how the aims of research differ from those of coursework or programming.\
\
3. An idea does not mean it will work. If you know that and idea will work it leaves no scope for the research. A part of initial research is that you get drawn towards the topic without a specific outcome.\
\
4. Being able to describe what we do helps us to understand whether we are doing it well\
\
5. Two key questions: \
a. what is the broad problem to be investigated?\
b. what are the specific initial activities to undertake and outcomes to pursue?\
\
6. Short-term goals should be clear.\
\
7. Productive research is often driven by a strong motivating example.\
\
8. Chose the right person as an Advisor\
\
9. Is the project of right technical level for you?\
\
10. Reading about a paper that seems relevant is never a substitute for reading the paper itself.\
\
11. Papers are not text books. There is rarely a need to understand every line.\
\
12. Often accurate thumb rule while judging any research work is that, work that is more than one or two years old and has not been published in a reputable venue probably has some serious defect.\
\
13. too many people submit work that did not deserve to be written sometimes it gets published so not all papers are good.\
\
14. The fact that a paper is refereed is an indicator that it is of value, it is not a guarantee.\
\
15. Weather its a good paper or a not so good paper one should always respectfully question the content of the paper.\
\
16. The fact that other people have worked on the same problem does not mean that it is impossible to make further contributions in the area.\
\
17. A better approach to the task of scoping a project and setting milestones is to explicitly consider what is needed at the end, then reason backwards.\
\
18. Another purpose of research planning is to estimate the dates when milestones should be reached.\
\
19. Research Strategy: \
a. read the literature\
b. then design\
c. then analyze / implement\
d. then test or evaluate\
e. then write up.\
\
20. When creating timelines one should always focus on short term goals.}