{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\b Problems with Keyword based search:
\b0 \
High recall, low precision: Even if the main relevant pages are retrieved, they are of little use if another 28,758 mildly relevant or irrelevant doc- uments were also retrieved. Too much can easily become as bad as too little.\
 Low or no recall: Often it happens that we don\'92t get any answer for our request, or that important and relevant pages are not retrieved. Although low recall is a less frequent problem with current search engines, it does occur. This is often due to the third problem:\
Results highly sensitive to vocabulary: Often we have to use semantically similar keywords to get the results we wish; in these cases the relevant documents use different terminology from the original query. This be- havior is unsatisfactory, since semantically similar queries should return similar results.\
Results are single Web pages: If we need information that is spread over various documents, then we must initiate several queries to collect the relevant documents, and then we must manually extract the partial infor- mation and put it together.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}The aim of the Semantic Web is to allow much more advanced knowledge management systems: 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa260
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Knowledge will be organised in conceptual spaces according to its meaning. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Automated tools will support maintenance by checking for inconsistencies and extracting new knowledge. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Keyword-based search will be replaced by query answering: requested knowledge will be retrieved, extracted, and presented in a human- friendly way. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Query answering over several documents will be supported. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Definition of views on certain parts of information (even parts of documents) will be possible. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 \

\b Future of Semantic Web:
\b0 - 
\b The other night I had a dream
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs26 \cf0 Michael had just had a minor car accident and was feeling some pain in the neck. His GP suggested a series of physical therapy sessions. Michael asked his Semantic Web agent to work out some possibilities.
\fs24 \

\fs26 The agent retrieved details of the recommended therapy from the doctor\'92s agent, and looked up the list of therapists maintained by Michael\'92s health insurance company. The agent checked for those located within a radius of 10km from Michael\'92s office or home, and looked up their reputation ac- cording to trusted rating services. Then it tried to match between available appointment times and Michael\'92s diary. In a few minutes the agent returned two proposals. Unfortunately Michael was not happy with either of them. One therapist had offered appointments in two weeks\'92 time, for the other Michael would have to drive during rush hour. Therefore Michael decided to set stricter time constraints and asked the agent to try again.
\fs24 \

\fs26 A few minutes later the agent came back with an alternative: A therapist with excellent reputation who had free appointments starting in two days. However there were a few minor problems:
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa260
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}A few of Michael\'92s less important work appointments would have to be rescheduled. The agent offered to make arrangements if this solution was adopted. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The therapist was not listed on the insurer\'92s site because he charged more than the insurer\'92s maximum coverage. The agent had found his name from an independent list of therapists, and had already checked that Michael was entitled to the insurer\'92s maximum coverage, according to the insurer\'92s policy. It had also negotiated with the therapist\'92s agent a special discount. The therapist had only recently decided to charge more than average, and was keen to find new patients. \uc0\u8232 Michael was happy with the recommendation, since he would have to pay only a few dollars extra. However, because he had installed the Semantic Web agent a few days ago, he asked it for explanations for some of its assertions: how was the therapist\'92s reputation established, why was it necessary for Michael to reschedule some of his work appointments, how was the price negotiation conducted. The agent provided appropriate information. \u8232 Michael was satisfied. His new Semantic Web agent was going to make his busy life easier. He asked the agent to take all necessary steps to finalize the task. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 \
\
}